From: Zed
Title: Welcome to librelist.com

Librelist.com is a free as in freedom mailing list site for open source
projects.  It is a place for FOSS communities to discuss all the things
they want without ads, censorship, signup requirements, bundled apps, or
requirements that you use any particular email client or service.

h2. Anyone Can Make A List

You can make a mailing list by simply sending an email to
*list*@librelist.com, and if it doesn't exist, it will make it for you
and subscribe you.  That's all there is to it, and no restrictions on
making the lists.

If the list exists already, then you're subscribed and your original
email is sent to them.


h2. Anyone Can Subscribe To A List

You also subscribe to a list by simply sending your first message to
*list*@librelist.com.  That's it.  It ditches your original message and
sends you a confirmation you reply to.  No signup or web forms involved.


h2. Nobody Can Be Taken Off

The "libre" in the name means freedom for everyone to discuss their
opinions, so nobody will have the right to boot you off or enforce
arbitrary "list Nazi" rules simply because you disagree with them.

That of course doesn't mean you should act like a jerk, but the
librelist.com philosophy is that healthy communities can survive and
need "trolls".


h2. Spam And Bounce Blocking

Spam is heavily blocked on all lists to keep things clean.  We will
also periodically ban anonymous email services if they become a vector
for abuse.

Bounced emails are caught and anyone who bounces has all of their
subscriptions paused until they can fix the problem and reinstate
themselves.

h2. Current Status

As of *19 JUL 2009* the system is running and mailing lists are
functional, with bounce detection running.

Archives are up in basic form at "/browser/":/browser/ and there's
also rsync access to the mailing list archives.  Mail put into the
archives is cleansed of most headers that don't matter to the conversation
and the sender's email address is spam-protected a little bit.

